Previously
on  Malcolm in the Middle...
Baby's a little bit
bigger than expected.
So we're going
to induce labor on Thursday.
MALCOLM:
Festival of Brides?
I just dropped 15 bucks
on parking.
We're going in.
Baby just started
kicking like crazy.
It's almost like
something was
upsetting...
Mom!
I'm moving in.
Everybody decent?
God, I'm having a contraction.
I'm going into labor.
What?
I have to get to the hospital.
Got it on
the oldies station.
They're doing a
Beatles "A" to "Z."
So I'm just going
to make myself some tea
and relax until you get here.
♪ Yes, no, maybe ♪
♪ I don't know ♪
♪ Can you repeat the question? ♪
♪ You're not the boss
of me now ♪
♪ You're not
the boss of me now ♪
♪ You're not the boss
of me now ♪
♪ And you're not so big ♪
♪ You're not the boss
of me now ♪
♪ You're not
the boss of me now ♪
♪ You're not the boss
of me now ♪
♪ And you're not so big ♪
♪ Life is unfair. ♪
These contractions
are coming so close together!
Oh!
(screams)
Lois, you have to stop
doing that.
You are really
freaking me out.
Yeah, me, too, Lois.
And I'm a doctor.
We can't wait for Hal anymore.
We've got to go
to the hospital now!
You really think
you're ever going
to see your husband again?
Mom!
He's a man, isn't he?
He's had his way with you.
What's he need
to stick around for?
Look, if you're not going
to have the decency
to choke on the fumes
of your own bile,
can you at least
take your poison
over to Aunt Susan's?
Did she ask me to come?
Did she call you?
No.
No, of course not.
She only wants to see me suffer.
Can you imagine
how she's laughing at me,
knowing that now I'm stuck
with  you  as my favorite.
Knock, knock.
Lois, I need to borrow
a coat hanger.
I dropped my sandwich
underneath my car seat.
What's going on here?
Lois is in labor,
and Hal's not here.
(whimpering)
I have dreamed of this moment!
Here's what
we're going to do.
I'm going to carry you
in my arms to my van.
I have one of the three
original sirens from
Starsky and Hutch.
I can make that trip
in seven minutes flat.
You're talking crazy!
There were only two sirens
used in that entire series,
and they're both
in the Smithsonian.
Au contraire.
There were four sirens.
(all talking at once)
Oh, Hal, where are you?
Well, let's go!
Your mother's in labor!
We just wasted 45 minutes
in the security office.
Just our luck--
we get a rent-a-cop
trying to make sergeant.
I think he made you
pee in that jar just
because he could.
You boys have  really  outdone
yourselves this time.
Now, I'm going to take your mom
to the hospital,
and I'm not going
to hear one word
out of any of you until we come
back with the baby.
(engine starts)
(crashing)
Okay, Dr. Kerr's going
to meet you at the hospital.
The guys are packing your bag,
and Craig is cleaning out
his car to make room for you.
Two more trips
and we're good to go.
We're ready.
What are you
doing with all
those suitcases?
I told you she didn't need
both sundresses.
Hey, don't look at me.
When I fly, I take one
carry-on. That's it.
(men arguing)
I'm ready to go to the hospital.
What?
You're not going
to the hospital.
I'm not going?
You're  not going.
Oh, you want to go to
the hospital so bad?
I'll send you
to the hospital.
I'll send  you
to the hospital!
Nobody's going to the hospital!
It's too late.
Somebody call the paramedics.
I'm having the baby here.
Boys, call me a taxi,
and then call Dr. Kerr, let him
know your mom's in labor.
He's in the book.
Then call AAA...
Dad, calm down.
I will not calm down!
(phone ringing)
Hello. Hello?! Oh!
Hello! Lois?
What?! Honey!
Sir, stop moving.
MALCOLM AND REESE:
What'd she say?!
My wife's at home, and she's
having our baby right now!
I have to get home to her!
She's having the
baby at home?
Sir, you're not going anywhere
in the shape you're in.
Give him ten milligrams
of diazepam.
HAL:
Let me out of here.
I'm fine! Wait. What is that?
What-what is that?
Wha-What does that do?
Breathe in a bit.
(groans)
I've got to get home to her!
Give him ten more.
I want him immobilized.
Why don't you boys
come with me?
We have all sorts
of fun magazines
in the waiting area.
You like  Highlights?
You like "Goofus and Gallant"?
We don't want to read
stupid magazines.
Our mom is
having a baby!
I'm sure she's being
very well taken care of,
and so's your father,
so there's nothing
for you boys to do
but relax and wait for someone
to come and get you.
But we have to do something.
This is all our fault.
You're obviously
very upset young men,
and frankly, I have no idea
how to deal with you.
That's why
I'm not in pediatrics.
Now, let's go
into the waiting room
like I told you.
If you don't want
to look at magazines,
I'm sure there's a chair
you can spin around in.
My God, what does
this woman weigh?!
I'm losing my grip
on her thigh!
Let's get her
to the bed!
Let's get her in
there! Let's go!
Move it, move it,
move it!
All right, all right, all right!
Count of three, count of three.
MEN:
One, two... three!
(all grunting)
That was like moving
a concert grand.
FRANCIS: Just relax, Mom.
The paramedics will be here soon
and they'll know what to do.
Don't worry, Lois,
I just Googled the word "baby."
Here we go. 28 million matches--
there ought to be
something useful in there.
Craig, get off
that thing.
We don't need it.
Trey's a doctor.
Oh, no, Lois, I'm a dentist.
But you have medical training,
don't you?
Yes, but I took up dentistry
specifically because...
well, that area down there,
whe-when I look at it,
I get giggly.
I just do...
since high school.
Oh, for God's sakes.
I doubt I'm the only one.
(doorbell rings)
The paramedics are... oh.
Hi, is Malcolm home?
No, and we're in...
I just need to use his notes
for my biochem homework.
This really isn't
a good time.
You don't say hello
to your own grandmother?
I'm not Malcolm.
We've been through
this before.
(shouting):
Oh, God, the baby
is pressing down
so hard on my cervix!
Well, good, looks
like everything's
under control here.
Piama and I are
going to head out
back to the ranch.
What are you talking about?
Nothing!
You think I'm running away?
You think being here
when my own mother gives birth
is-is making me
so intensely uncomfortable
I've made up a fake excuse
to leave?
That is not even
a tiny bit true.
CRAIG:
Okay, clothes for babies,
names for babies,
truck drivers dressed like...
ew.
Excuse me, can
somebody help me
find Malcolm's
biochem notes?
I need them
to do my assignment.
Get out of here, Lloyd!
I'm in labor!
I'm about to give birth!
It's a really important
assignment.
We are the worst kids
in the world.
Mom was right.
We really  are  evil little trolls
who have absolutely
no consideration
for anything
but ourselves,
and destroy everything
we come in contact with,
and we're lucky if we don't
end up in prison or dead.
Here's what we're going to do.
There's a class that starts here
in ten minutes.
It's all about how to be parents
to newborn babies.
We're going to take it.
What are you talking about?
We're going to learn
how to help out.
how to be good for once.
All right!
Yeah, this baby's
not going to get
dropped on its head
all the time.
Yeah!
What?
Take a deep breath,
and blow it out
like you're blowing out
a candle.
(puffing)
Oh!
Oh, my God!
I thought my fingers
were going to explode!
Way to breathe through it.
CRAIG:
Hey, hey,
I found something!
There's been a slight increase
in the incidence
of babies born with a tail.
I wonder if that makes it easier
to tell when they're happy?
Where the hell
are those paramedics?
They'll be here
any second.
Steve called them
ten minutes ago.
Yeah, that's right.
That's what I did
ten minutes ago.
So, when did you get
this wallpaper?
(men chatting)
So, anyway,
we just feel awful,
and that's why we really
want to take this class.
Oh, my God,
you should feel awful.
You're horrible children.
That's our point.
Well, I suppose
everyone deserves
another chance.
All right, you can
take the class.
Thank you.
Ah, we're in.
Yes!
When your milk duct is blocked,
it's called mastitis.
It's important
that you let your baby
suck the obstruction
out of the breast,
and don't be alarmed
if the baby then vomits up
a cottage cheese-type substance.
Now, join me over here...
Like I needed another reason
to hate cottage cheese.
I've been kind
of zoning in
and out here,
but did she just
say milk comes out
of those things?
Reese, that's what
they're for.
My God!
Women are the cows of people!
(whimpers)
Oh!
I'm coming, Lois.
(grunting)
(grunts)
I'm coming, Lois!
I'm coming,
Lois!
(grunting)
I'm coming, Lois!
I'm coming!
(screeching):
I'm coming, Lois!
I'm coming!
I'm c...
(whispers):
I'm coming...
Lois.
Here, I brought some towels
to put under
your knees.
Oh, Piama,
don't use the good towels.
IDA: What does she
know about towels?
Her people dried themselves off
by throwing dirt on their backs.
Thank you, Piama.
Thank you very much.
I'm sure
the paramedics will come
get you very soon,
and before they do,
there's something
I want you to know.
Your father had
a second family.
What?!
This slutty cocktail
waitress in Manitoba.
She was nothing
but a pig,
and the children that
came out of her...
Why are you
telling me this now?
In case you die,
I don't want you
thinking of him
as a decent man,
but don't tell your sister.
Let her stew
in her own ignorance.
I only tell this
to my favorite.
(loud hammering)
What are you doing?
Building calms me down, okay?
We're all trying to find
ways to cope with this.
Yes, Francis, I'm trying
to cope with this pregnancy
by giving birth!
Excuse me. I'm
working quietly.
I'd appreciate it
if  you  could work
quietly, too.
Got to get out...
I gotta get out.
H-Hey!
How's it going?
You gotta get me
out of here.
I don't belong in here.
I have to get home.
It's okay, little fellow.
You'll be fine...
as long as someone claims you
in the next six hours.
Six hours?
What happens then?
Wait! What happens then?!
Oh, boys!
Boys!
Over here.
Pick me, pick me.
Wow, look at this guy.
Yeah!
That is the ugliest dog
I've ever seen.
What did he roll in?
I'm gonna be sick.
Oh, look at this one.
No! No, please come back.
Please, please, please!
Can someone shut
this yappy one up?
That's right, Dewey.
Come back to Daddy.
Pick Daddy.
Can we take this one's collar
and put it on the good one?
Collar?
What?
No! No!
(howling):
No!
No! No! No!
(barking)
My biggest fear...
is that I won't be
a good big brother.
Babies are born stupid
and they're
really counting on you.
They'll touch stuff
they shouldn't.
They'll eat anything.
I'd say half of all our Legos
have been through this kid.
Probably more.
Can I get a new baby?
(man screaming)
Lois, Let go!
Or at least
grab his hand!
They say that childbirth
is the most painful thing
a person can go through.
With a little light pancake,
you could pass.
You don't have to hang out
with the other ones, you know.
Okay, you know what?
See, here's the thing...
Lady...
we're better than you.
Every one of us in every way.
I'm smarter than you,
more educated, and
I contribute more to society.
I have a family
that loves me.
I live in a big house,
drive a nice car
and make more money in a year
than you've probably made
your whole lifetime.
Big deal.
So you're a drug dealer.
Booga-booga!
(shrieks)
LOIS:
Hal, where are you?
Put the ice on it.
The paramedics'll
be here any minute,
so just hang on.
I can't hang on.
It doesn't work
like that.
This baby is coming now.
Lois, you don't want
to push until you're
at least ten
centimeters dilated.
Well, take a look if you want.
Uh... I-I...
I'd be happy to
look in your mouth.
Do you know those animals are
in your backyard right now
pacing back and forth
like it's Africa?
When this is my room,
they don't come
within 20 feet of the door.
Oh, I can't believe she's
here. I can't believe
my sister picked now
to have a fight with her.
I can't believe
I'm going to have
to move into
the boys' room.
Calm down.
Does your sister know
your mom is dying?
What are you
talking about?
Does your sister know your
mother has a fatal disease
that she's been hiding
and this might be
her last chance
to make peace?
With her mother.
Who's dying.
Wipe.
Cream.
Ready.
Done!
ALL:
Yeah!
Number one.
In your face!
We're just learning
how to take care
of our babies.
That's loser talk.
We're gonna be
the best big brothers ever.
We aced Diaper and we
totally owned Tub Time.
I'm so glad I memorized
all the common
household chemicals
that can be poisonous
to the baby.
You know, all this stuff
parents have to do...
all the feedings
and bathings
and diaperings
and safety stuff
and scheduling--
just made me realize.
Mom never did any of this.
There's a bottle of this
on our headboard.
No wonder we turned out
the way we did.
(groaning)
It's six months,
maybe a year.
I'm gonna need
that computer.
Not today, squirt.
Lois is about to have a baby,
and I'm in charge of research.
She's hot.
I can't work with someone
looking over my shoulder.
Well, I'll see
if I can find her.
Mother! Telephone!
Is the border station
going to return my rifle?
Hello?
Yes?
Oh, I'm glad
to hear you say that.
No, I'm fine.
I'm here with you-know-who,
and she's doing...
you-know-what.
Again. Yeah.
(laughing)
(groaning)
Where are the paramedics?
These contractions
are too close to time.
Francis, this baby's going
to be born any minute.
I want you to do
something for me.
What do you want me to do?
I want you to deliver the baby.
What?
No.
You can do it.
You've done it
before.
You deliver barn
animals all the time.
You're not a
barn animal.
Francis, your father isn't here;
you're the only person I trust.
You don't even like me.
But I love you,
which is why
you're going
to do this.
No! You can't make me!
Francis, your mother
is asking for your help.
LOIS:
Francis.
You can do this.
You know that you can.
Now, you're going
to put your hands
inside of Mommy
and take out
this baby!
Lois.
Oh, Lois.
I finally found you.
Oh, I missed the baby.
It's okay.
The baby is fine, Hal.
Honey, I'm the worst husband
in the world.
I can't believe
how terrible I am.
Oh...
I can't believe I made you
go through this alone.
I wish I could have been there.
You were there, Hal.
I was?
We're a part of each other.
Wherever I go, you're there.
You are always with me.
I love you.
(monitor beeping rapidly)
(both moaning)
Oh, my God, what
is that man doing?
What?
Get that sicko off of her.
What? Lois? Are you...?
Someone call the police.
MALCOLM:
Dad!
Oh, my God!
What the hell
are you doing?
(shrieks)
(Lois groans)
Can you see the head?
Not yet.
You're not even looking.
Is it starting
to crown?
Uh... yes.
That's good. That's good.
God, I can't believe
I'm looking at... this.
I'm going to die.
If the head is completely
crowning, it's okay to push.
(moaning)
If anyone calls,
I'll be at your sister's.
(moaning)
No, don't worry.
I'll let myself out.
Come on, Lois. Come on.
Ew!
(baby crying)
Was that the...?
(gasps)
I got it. I got it.
Oh, my God.
I got it!
Yes!
It's here.
Put it on her chest.
Oh.
Hi, baby.
Hi.
(crying)
Hi, baby.
Oh, thank you, Francis.
This is the nicest thing
you've ever done for me.
I am so proud of you.
You can go vomit now.
ABE:
Way to go.
Here he comes.
There he is.
(Francis gags, others murmur)
Well, is it
a boy or a girl?
It's a beautiful,
healthy baby...
(siren blares)
ALL:
Aw...
I knew it!
Oh, that's all right.
Hi there.
I'm your mommy.
Okay, so who's having the baby?
I told you we shouldn't
have stopped for coffee.
(vibrating lips)
Oh, I've forgotten
how small they are.
I forgot
how good they smell.
LOIS:
Yeah.
Okay, hand it over.
MALCOLM:
It's 5:30.
It's time for the baby's
sponge bath.
Look how full
this diaper is.
When was the last time
you changed it?
Have you at least come up
with a name yet?
Yes. Jamie.
It fits.
We'll come back
when your udders are ready.